.TH GFTP 1 "FEBURARY 2001"
.SH NAME
gftp - a graphical ftp client
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gftp [options] [[proto://][
.I user
.B :
.I [pass]
.B @]
.I site
.B [:
.I port
.B ][/
.I directory
.B ]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
gFTP is a multiprotocol file transfer program for X Windows and the console. It features support for the FTP, SSH, HTTP, and local file system protocols, simultaneous downloads, resuming of interrupted file transfers, file transfer queues, downloading of entire directores, ftp and http proxy support, remote directory caching, bookmarks menu, stop button and many more features
.SH OPTIONS
You may enter a url on the command line that gFTP will automatically connect
to when it starts up.
.IP "\-\-help, \-h"
Display program usage, and quit
.IP "\-\-version, \-v"
This will display the current version of gFTP, and exit
.IP "\-\-download, \-d"
This tells gFTP to download the files and directories specified in the url passed on the command line. 
.IP user
This is the username that you will login as to the remote site. If no username
is supplied, the default is to login as anonymous.
.IP pass
This is the password you will use to login to the remotesite. If you do not
enter a password, then gFTP will ask you for one when it starts up. I do not
recommend entering your password on the command prompt. Anyone that has
access to your machine will be able to see your username and password with
the
.BR ps(1)
command. If you are logging in as anonymous, you do not need to pass a password since gFTP will automatically send your email address as your password.
.IP site
This is the remote site you want to connect to
.IP port
This is the port that the remote server is listening on. If you do not
enter a port, it will default to using the ftp port listed in the
.BR services(5)
file. If the entry doesn't exist there, it will default to port
21.
.IP directory
This is the default directory to change to once you are connected to the
remote server.
.SH FILES
.I ~/.gftp/gftprc
.RS
Per user configuration file. This file is commented very well, so that is
why there isn't a manpage for it. Most of the options in here can be set
inside gFTP itself.
.SH BUGS
If you find any bugs in gFTP, please report them directly to the author.
.SH AUTHOR
Brian Masney <masneyb@gftp.org> - http://www.gftp.org/
